"Women, can't live with 'em... they will not go out with me." -Vork, The Guild
"It's so much easier to measure life in experience points." -Codex, The Guild
"I'm not an aggressive person, but I admit it, I like killing things. But only in game!" -Codex, The Guild
"Hello, IT. Have you tried turning it off and on again?" -Roy, The IT Crowd
"I'm not insane, my mother had me tested!" -Sheldon, The Big Bang Theory
"If outside is good, why has mankind spent thousands of years trying to perfect inside?" -Sheldon, The Big Band Theory
"I've said it before and I'll say it again, Aquaman sucks." -Raj, The Big Bang Theory
“You want weapons? We’re in a library! Books! The best weapons in the world!” -The Doctor, Doctor Who
“Never ignore coincidence. Unless, of course, you’re busy. In which case, always ignore coincidence.” -The Doctor, Doctor Who
"Good men don't need rules" -The Doctor, Doctor Who
"It's your old friend, deadly neurotoxin. If I were you, I'd take a deep breath. And hold it." -GLaDOS, Portal 2
"I think we can put our differences behind us... for science... you monster." -GLaDOS, Portal 2
"Sorry about the mess. I've really let the place go since you killed me. By the way, thanks for that." -GLaDOS, Portal 2
"How can you tell that someone's a compulsive liar? I mean, assuming that their pants aren't on fire." -Shawn, Psych
"Dodge this." -Trinity, The Matrix
"You have to let it all go, Neo. Fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind." Morpheus, The Matrix
"I can do more damage on my laptop sitting in my pajamas before my first cup of coffee than you can do in a year in the field." -Q, Skyfall
"What did you expect? An exploding pen?" -Q, Skyfall
"You don't call retarded people retards. It's bad taste. You call your friends retards when they're acting retarded." -Michael, The Office
"If you are curious, you will find the puzzles around you. If you are determined, you will solve them." -Ernö Rubik
"What type of Computer do you have? And please don't say a white one." -Sheldon, The Big Bang Theory
"Homo habilis discovering his opposable thumbs says what?" -Leonard, The Big Bang Theory
"I'm not stupid, I'm just ignorant about things I don't RSS." -Codex, The Guild
"Some people live more in 20 years than others do in 80. It’s not the time that matters, it’s the person." -The Doctor, Doctor Who
"So... all of time and space, everything that ever happened or ever will - where do you want to start?" -The Doctor, Doctor Who
"The problem with quotes on the Internet is that it is hard to verify their authenticity." -Abraham Lincoln
"How can someone with glasses that thick be so stupid?" -Bart, The Simpsons
"Me fail English? That's unpossible!" -Ralph, The Simpsons
"Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand." -Homer, The Simpsons
"I didn't think it was physically possible, but this both sucks and blows." -Bart, The Simpsons
"To alcohol! The cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems." -Homer, The Simpsons
"I dress myself." -Ralph, The Simpsons
"You know, if I was standing on my wallet, I'd be tall." -Morgan, Chuck
"I'm a much bigger nerd than you thought I was." -Chuck, Chuck
"I've been a spy all of five seconds, and I already have soy sauce on my shirt." -Chuck, Chuck
"I don't think our death ray is working. I'm standing right in it, and I'm not dead yet." -Jamie, Mythbusters
"If I had any dignity, that would have been humiliating." -Adam, Mythbusters
"Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems." -Scott Adams
"Normal people... believe that if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Engineers believe that if it ain't broke, it doesn't have enough features yet." -Scott Adams
"There's nothing more dangerous than a resourceful idiot." -Scott Adams
"The computer cuts my production time in half. I love it." -Scott Adams
"Ferris Bueller, you're my hero!" -Cameron, Ferris Bueller's Day Off
"Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!" -Harry, Dumb and Dumber
"According to the map, we've only gone 4 inches." -Harry, Dumb and Dumber
"Tic-Tac, sir?" -Lloyd, Dumb and Dumber
"Bow ties are cool." -The Doctor, Doctor Who
"When you wake up... I’ll be a story in your head. But that’s okay. We’re all stories, in the end... just make it a good one, eh? Because it was. It was the best." -The Doctor, Doctor Who
"There's no I in Team, just like there's no I in Multyplayer." -Nigahiga
"I never apologize. I'm sorry, but that's just the way I am." -Homer, The Simpsons
"You're lonely and I'm lonely. But, together, we're lonely together." -Leela, Futurama
"When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all." -God, Futurama
"Look, you're a man and I'm a woman. We're just too different." -Leela, Futurama
"My God, it's the future. My parents, my co-workers, my girlfriend. I'll never see any of them again. YAHOO!!!" -Fry, Futurama
“Valentine’s Day’s coming? Aw crap! I forgot to get a girlfriend again!” -Fry, Futurama
"That was so terrible I think you gave me cancer." -Calculon, Futurama
"This is my hard drive and it only makes sense to put things in there that are useful. Really useful." -Sherlock, Sherlock
"I dislike being outnumbered. It makes for too much stupid in the room." -Sherlock, Sherlock
"Ignorance brings chaos, not knowledge." -Lucy, Lucy
"I'm not a psychopath, I'm a high functioning sociopath. Do your research." -Sherlock, Sherlock
"Track him, find him, kill him." -Barney, The Expendables 2
"Yeah, I was bit by a king cobra. But after five days of agonizing pain, the cobra died." Booker, The Expendables 2
"I am going to die surrounded by the biggest idiots in the galaxy." -Gamora, Guardians of the Galaxy
"Shall I destroy you, Mr. Spock? Or will you give me what I want?" -Khan, Star Trek
"The thing with technology is if you do something stupid, you can fix it." -Linus Torvalds
"Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done." -Linus Torvalds
"The Linux philosophy is 'Laugh in the face of danger'. Oops. Wrong One. 'Do it yourself'. Yes, that's it." -Linus Torvalds
"No one has ever called me a cool dude. I'm somewhere between geek and normal." -Linus Torvalds
"I want my office to be quiet. The loudest thing in the room - by far - should be the occasional purring of the cat." -Linus Torvalds
"In my opinion, Microsoft is a lot better at making money than it is at making good operating systems." -Linus Torvalds
"Ready, Set, Terrible." -Peter, Family Guy
"I'm sorry. Are you from the past?" -Roy, The IT Crowd
